docs: add attenuation constants reference (#400)
canonical/craft-store: docs/reference/attenuations.rst

.. meta::

>     :description: Reference for the attenuations in craft_store.attenuations for restricting Snap Store and Charmhub macaroon token permissions.

Reviewer: The module name as-is isn't very friendly to SEO. What do you think about:

```suggestion
    :description: Reference for the attenuations module, which enumerates permissions for macaroons. Craft apps can use these constants in account queries to artifact stores.
```

The

.. _reference-attenuations:

Attenuations
************

Attenuations are permissions that restrict what a discharged macaroon token
can do. When requesting credentials from the Snap Store or Charmhub, pass a

> list of attenuations to limit the capabilities of those credentials.

Reviewer: > When requesting... pass

This sounds like an instruction. Could we specify?

```suggestion
Attenuations are permissions that restrict what a discharged macaroon token can do. When
an app makes an account request, with credentials, to the Snap Store or Charmhub, it
passes a list of attenuations that limits the capabilities of those credentials.
```

All constants are available in the ``craft_store.attenuations`` module.

.. currentmodule:: craft_store.attenuations

Read/write access

> =================

Reviewer: I think it would help to be more specific in these headings:

```suggestion
Read-write attenuations
=======================
```

.. autodata:: ACCOUNT_MANAGE_KEYS
.. autodata:: ACCOUNT_MANAGE_METADATA
.. autodata:: ACCOUNT_REGISTER_PACKAGE
.. autodata:: PACKAGE_MANAGE
.. autodata:: PACKAGE_MANAGE_ACL
.. autodata:: PACKAGE_MANAGE_LIBRARY
.. autodata:: PACKAGE_MANAGE_METADATA
.. autodata:: PACKAGE_MANAGE_RELEASES
.. autodata:: PACKAGE_MANAGE_REVISIONS
.. autodata:: STORE_MANAGE

Read-only access

> ================

Author: ```suggestion
Read-only attenuations
======================
```
